# Divine-Company-Performance-Analysis-for-the-years-2015-2018-
Divine Company investigated factors that could be contributing to improved sales as well as trends that had been impacting marketing sales of some of the products for the years between 2015-2018
This dashboard provides an overview of key metrics that was used in the analysis such as the best selling products, the top selling selling day in years, the apex performing region in years, the highest grossing customers in years amongst others.
Key Insights from the analytical report:
•	The Canon Image Class 2200 Advance Copier was the highest selling product.
•	The best selling day in the years from 2015-2018 was 23rd of March 2015, and 18th of January 2018 was the least selling day in the years 2015-2018.
•	The West was the best performing region in years and the South was the worst performing region in years.
•	Sean Miller was the highest grossing customer in years and Christopher Conant was the lowest growing customer in years.
•	New York City had the most sales in years and Philapedia had the lowest sales in years.
•	The State of California had the highest sales in years and the state of Illinois recorded the lowest sales in years.
RECOMMENDATIONS
•       It is recommended that the Canon Image class 2200 Advance Copier that sold best in years should be readily available across all boards to meet the customers demand, while the GBC Docubind TL 300 Electric binding that had considerably low sales in years be monitored by reducing the stocking up of the stores with more when there is ample more to be sold and proper marketing skills be employed to be able to sell them
•       It is recommended that the 23rd of March 2015 that brought about the record sales in years be effectively looked into so as to replicate such sales on a consistent basis, whilst the 18th of January 2018 that recorded the lowest sales in years be properly analyzed to determine factors such as personnel, products and the likes to figure out a way such low turn outputs do not repeat itself.
•       The West that has been a front runner in terms of sales in the region be properly motivated in terms of wage increase, sufficient equipments to keep enhancing their productivity. While the South that has being consistenly poor in terms of low output be put through some rigorous changes such as transfer of better equipped Staff  to the region, training for the Staff who have been in the region.
•       Sean Miller be sufficently given discounts and possibly made the company ambassador to keep motivating his desire to be the highest performing customer, while Christopher Conat be adequately reminded that he is of huge interest to the company, and the company cant wait to always have him which will inadvertenly make him patronise better.
•       New York City that had a lot of sales over the year be given special commendation and award to further boost their productivity while Philadephia that recorded the worst sales in years be sanctioned which might in turn motivate them to do better.
•       The State of California that had the highest number of sales in years be further equipped with modern equipments and awards of wage review for their Staff for further productivity. While the State of Illinois with the lowest sales in years be recommended for training  of Staff and some top ranking officials from the State of California can come in to further strengthen their resolve.
